feat(go): add table baremetal server (#17)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-scaleway: docs/tables/scaleway_baremetal_server.md

# Table: scaleway_baremetal_server

> An bare metal provides dedicate server to run your applications on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bare metal provides a dedicated server to run your applications on.
```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  id,
  status,
  updated_at,
  created_date,
  zone,
  project,
  organization
from
  scaleway_baremetal_server;
```

> ### List stopped baremetal servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List stopped bare metal servers
```

I think we should use `bare metal` instead of `baremetal` since majority of the documents pertaining to scaleway bare metal servers use the former.

https://www.scaleway.com/en/bare-metal-definition/

Author: yes you're right, I wanted to be homogeneous
